Mention overriding soft-mandatory policies in CLI (#1508)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/cloud/run/cli.html.md

## Sentinel Policies

> If the specified workspace uses Sentinel policies, those policies will run against all speculative plans and remote applies in that workspace. The policy output will be available in the terminal. Soft mandatory checks can be overridden by users with the [Manage Policies](docs/cloud/users-teams-organizations/permissions.html#manage-policies) permission by typing "override" in response to the prompt. (Note that "yes" will not work.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the specified workspace uses Sentinel policies, those policies will run against all speculative plans and remote applies in that workspace. Policy output is shown in the terminal. 

Failed policies can pause or prevent an apply, depending on the enforcement level:

- Hard mandatory checks cannot be overridden and they prevent `terraform apply` from applying changes.
- Soft mandatory checks can be overridden by users with permission to [manage policies](docs/cloud/users-teams-organizations/permissions.html#manage-policies). If your account can override a failed check, Terraform will prompt you to type "override" to confirm. (Note that typing "yes" will not work.) If you override the check, you will be prompted to apply the run (unless auto-apply is enabled).

[permissions-citation]: #intentionally-unused---keep-for-maintainers
```

```
$ terraform apply

[...]

Plan: 1 to add, 0 to change, 1 to destroy.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Organization policy check:

Sentinel Result: false

Sentinel evaluated to false because one or more Sentinel policies evaluated
to false. This false was not due to an undefined value or runtime error.

1 policies evaluated.
## Policy 1: my-policy.sentinel (soft-mandatory)

Result: false

FALSE - my-policy.sentinel:1:1 - Rule "main"

Do you want to override the soft failed policy check?
  Only 'override' will be accepted to override.

  Enter a value: override
```

> If you do override, you will then be prompted to apply the run. 
> 
> Hard mandatory checks cannot be overridden and they prevent `terraform apply` from applying changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
